hey come on over here you want a free
computer of course you do but not as
much as veiler C does who has asked me
to build in one every single day for
almost 3 years on Instagram well you
know what veiler fine I'm going to build
you a PC and ridge even wants to help me
get it to you I'm going to build this
sucker pack it in one of their water
resistant luggages throw in some extra
Ridge swag and flly buy it across the
world and hide it somewhere in a city
nearby oh hide it you say you don't like
that well I mean surely after you
harassed my social media team for years
you didn't think I was just going to
hand it to you did you I'll tell you
what I'm a sporting man I'm going to
have my team DM you the link to this
video one day early which gives you
23.98 7 metric hours to decipher all the
clues figure out where it is go there
and claim your prize after that the
video goes live and this computer
becomes fair game for
everyone how about we kick things off
with our first clue the country we sent
special agent Andrew to was part of the
Ottoman Empire until it became its own
kingdom in
1881 now Veer probably knows knows the
answer to this already since according
to his SoundCloud page he's from there
but while the rest of you figure it out
let's start building this gaming PC
there were two main concerns first we
needed something that would fit into our
Ridge carryon shipping or checking the
bag were both technically options but
let's just say that my Mean Streak here
does not extend to giving Baylor a
broken computer so hand carry it is
second we wanted it to be a pretty solid
machine you know worth him going out of
his way to hunt for it but not so
valuable that anyone is likely to get
shanked over it so we landed on a budget
of
$1,100 or about 5,000 Romanian doll oh
did I just say that well there's going
to be a lot of other hints and it's not
always going to be in the clue breaks
speaking of money these Ridge wallets
are super slim very durable and come
with a 99 day risk-free trial meaning
that you can send it back if you don't
like it we're going to send this one Woo
which matches the luggage in our care
package for veiler or well whoever finds
it first ah as for our CPU we chose the
ryzen 7 5800 x3d from AMD with 8 cores
and that sweet sweet 3dv cache it is
still one of the best gaming CPUs on the
market and before you get mad at me in
the comments like on that recent Tik Tok
because your Kink is being wrong in
public yes we know the 7800 x3d is an
awesome CPU but ddr5 RAM and especially
am5 boards are significant ific anly
more expensive speaking of we went with
the gigabyte a520 IAC sure it's a little
light on features in IO but it's under
$100 and it's Mini ITX meaning that it
is certainly much easier and less costly
to move by rail than an orthodox church
and that IO is not so bad four USB 3.0
ports built-in Wi-Fi 5 and a single pcie
gen 3 nvme slot wait Wi-Fi 5 gen
353 you know it' be a great year to host
the World Festival of Youth and
students for Ram we've gone with a pair
of gskill trident Z NEOS running at 3200
megat transfers per second
cl14 might have been nice to go with
higher speeds but we decided on higher
capacity instead since running an mitx
board with only two slots we're not
going to be able to upgrade down the
line and these two sticks give us a
total of 32 gigs unfortunately for
veiler we only went with with a
partially futureproof solution for our
storage our 1 TB Kingston nv2 might not
have the most capacity but that's plenty
for the operating system in a couple of
games and while it is true we won't be
able to take full advantage of this Gen
4 drive in this motherboard most games
today still don't use direct storage and
gen 3 speeds are plenty for anything
else and besides the price difference
between Gen 3 and Gen 4 is only a couple
of bucks these days and this way if
veiler or you ever choose to upgrade
this motherboard in the future there
will be a bit of performance to unlock
of course though you would have to find
our starting point first and to do so
you'd have to know of a structure that
has a more famous version in Paris but
is not to be mistaken for a motorcycle
company a Canadian rock band or even the
name woo of our new cable management
products on LTD
store.com onto our cooler I believe
we've made a triumphant choice we needed
something
low damn it we needed something that was
low profile enough to fit in our case
but that can handle a pretty heavy
gaming load and we settled on the noctua
nhl9a Black Edition this little guy is
only 37 mm in height that includes the
fan and small boox Central says it does
okay which I guess we're about to
confirm it is a bit of a pain to install
though so while I struggle with this I
did want want to bring up a point that
is often overlooked these types of
messages like the ones from Baylor seem
like harmless jokes and honestly
speaking most of them are but what you
don't see is the sheer volume of these
messages and the angry tone that many of
them take when we don't fulfill them in
this case veiler wasn't being aggressive
or directly targeting anyone on staff
but he was still quite literally
spamming us so if it doesn't make sense
to you yet hopefully that clears up why
we've gone with the whole okay I'll
build you one but you approach and I
really do mean it this time when I say
that this is the last time that I will
be giving a computer to someone who begs
for it like this moving forward our
community management team has cart
blanch to shadowban anyone who begs for
free stuff or just generally as a
nuisance now that I've made my case for
why I shouldn't be doing this let's move
on to the case that we chose the fractal
Tera it's a newer is miniitx case that a
ton of people inter Al have picked up
for their personal rigs thanks to its
clean looks and its ease of use we're
definitely paying a bit of a mini ITX
tax here at
$180 but it is the perfect size to fit
in our carry-on which I guess means it's
a good time to take a closer look at
that this is not accurate like how old
is this install guide they have not
revised this guide in I you not do you
know when the last time an S Bridge was
there that was like 6,000 GeForce 6000
series Pop mounted power supply oh good
and now I can know how to install mying
optical drive and my hard drive here's a
DVI port on the back of my motherboard
like what even is this this is not what
this looks like the polarity is not even
right let's pop the lock open this bad
boy ooh well we're going to put in our
system H that is going to take up a lot
of the space but you know what I think
we can still fit our hat fit our
matching Ridge
wallet oh put an air tag into the little
secret air tag pocket so we'll know
exactly when it gets picked up and they
might have a ton of designs for these
key holders that hold up to six keys but
obviously we've gone with the matching
one but first we're going to take out
our next
clue head south until you are in the
north all right JK you can check out all
this stuff at ridge.com Linus to get 10%
off their products or use coupon code
Linus on checkout but we're not quite
ready to pack this up yet because we
need to install our power supply we went
with the Cooler Master v850 gold it's
fully modular and it's 850 Watts giving
us extra Headroom for future upgrades
fun fact by the way while we install
this there was another lad in the
running for this computer named Fabby he
has been messaging us for even longer
than veiler but he lacked the dedication
to do it every day he tried to make up
for it sending us two messages on some
days and you know what we might have let
that fly but this one really man you
take a week off and then you're like I
don't know maybe they won't notice these
time stamps sorry Fabby but if I'm going
to make a PC scavenger hunt halfway
around the world it's going to have to
be for somebody who's no life enough to
drop everything and go complet it
immediately
[Music]
we ended up needing only a small
fraction of our modular cables but hey R
just got a toiletries bag now and we're
not sending the guy any toothpaste or
anything but look at that hey modular
cable bag got to love it now for the
star is of the show the Asus dual RTX
4060 just 8 gigs of vram and it still
manages to look small but it was a GPU
that fit in both our case and our budget
and
it's light which legitimately was a
factor and now that it's all built it's
time to play some games cuz I want to do
a bit of training on the brand new
battle station that we
built let's do this thing oh well this
is non alah oh my gosh that's a you
issue what games are we playing let's
try door kickers too door kickers yeah
wow um I've never heard of that well the
developer of this game is from the same
country oh very cool very cool that
would be a fun little hint it's also a
really good game I really like it it's
like a top down SWAT
simulator and he's going to
go and if you want to control the way
they face or not
cool now they're going to have their
back to the wall and get shot at cuz he
didn't change the way they face nice
got him oh you're injured did we win
boom a a oh this guy's just facing a
corner yeah yeah no he likes it he likes
it he like oh military
training they're going for it they're
going to kick this place in boom door
kickers got him don't shoot don't shoots
me oh no our friend died we are locked
at 144 though it's pretty awesome yeah
not bad not bad oh 300 FPS let's
go 250 let's go man fra frame gen is op
though yeah it's crazy I never played
this game oh it's fun I think I've only
played the first two levels he's only
played this level I've played so
much yeah I mean this is a good computer
though right yeah it's pretty sick
you're averaging like 250 frames even in
this open area and you know what I
haven't noticed any slowdowns or any
graphical anomalies due to frame gen
anyway for now it's time to send this
computer on its way and we printed off
this paper did we with a link to the
video just in case somebody finds this
PC randomly and have no idea what's
going on so that they know they can keep
it instead of taking it to Lost and
Found or you know whatever I'm going to
sign it I'm going to sign it apparently
seriously there's a ridge pen yeah bolt
action pen baby I didn't even know they
had pens we're about to be bitter
competitors considering I think we're
launching ours soon TM
nice you know what let's let throw this
in the package Rod doesn't need it that
badly he's got to going to have to rep
the LT pin going forward I don't care
how much Ridge pce in all seriousness
though we love the products big thanks
to rid for sending everything over for
us to Showcase they've got even more on
their store with over 3 million
customers and over 100,000 f-star
reviews the products speak for
themselves and the lifetime warranty
backs them up by the way if anyone does
manage to find the computer can you try
and get us some footage so we can Pin It
Down Below or even tack it on the end
with the YouTube editor also should have
to say this by the way but I will I know
I went on a bit of a thing about people
harassing and spamming online creators
but that doesn't mean that anybody
should be harassing or spamming veiler
or Fab's Pages or bothering them I'm not
mad at either of them and if you're mad
on my behalf you must have trouble
sleeping with how white your nights are
you got to get that checked out brother
and also check out this final clue if
you've got everything else
locked down the code you'll need is
small Gap to get
this 0124 666
33171 good luck Gamers if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out our
last fully sponsored Ridge video where
we bought out an entire tech shop for
the low low price of 32,000 Canadian
rubles that one really hurt the ridge
wallet